h2. Overview

ObjectiveSupport aims to bring some of the popular Rubyisms found in
ActiveSupport to Objective-C.

This project originated as a component of ObjectiveResource, but 
it has since outgrown that role and may prove to be useful on
its own.

h2. Installation

Adding Objective Support to your project
==============================

Objective Support is compiled as a static library, and the easiest way to add it to your project is to use Xcode's "dependent project" facilities.  Here is how:

1. Clone the Objective Support git repository: `git clone git://github.com/lgalabru/objectivesupport.git`. Make sure 
   you store the repository in a permanent place because Xcode will need to reference the files
   every time you compile your project.

2. Locate the "ObjectiveSupport.xcodeproj" file under "objectivesupport/src".  Drag ObjectiveSupport.xcodeproj and drop it onto
   the root of your Xcode project's "Groups and Files"  sidebar.  A dialog will appear -- make sure 
   "Copy items" is unchecked and "Reference Type" is "Relative to Project" before clicking "Add".

3. Now you need to link the ObjectiveSupport static library to your project.  Click the "ObjectiveSupport.xcodeproj" 
   item that has just been added to the sidebar.  Under the "Details" table, you will see a single
   item: libObjectiveSupport.a.  Check the checkbox on the far right of libObjectiveSupport.a.

4. Now you need to add ObjectiveSupport as a dependency of your project, so Xcode compiles it whenever
   you compile your project.  Expand the "Targets" section of the sidebar and double-click your
   application's target.  Under the "General" tab you will see a "Direct Dependencies" section. 
   Click the "+" button, select "ObjectiveSupport", and click "Add Target".

5. Finally, we need to tell your project where to find the ObjectiveSupport headers.  Open your
   "Project Settings" and go to the "Build" tab. Look for "Header Search Paths" and double-click
   it.  Add the relative path from your project's directory to the "objectivesupport/src" directory.

6. While you are in Project Settings, go to "Other Linker Flags" under the "Linker" section, and
   add "-ObjC" and "-all_load" to the list of flags.

7. You're ready to go.  Just #import "ObjectiveSupport/ObjectiveSupport.h" anywhere you want to use ObjectiveSupport classes
   in your project.


h2. Testing

# Build and run the default target, the unit test results will print in the debugger
console
